OSDOCS#17021: Update the z-stream RNs for 4.19.18 (#101760)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

* Before this update, frequent driver configuration updates that were caused by an inconsistent storage class order in a hosted cluster namespace caused `ConfigMap` content flaps. This issue resulted in inconsistent storage class enforcement and affected user experience. With this release, the `ConfigMap` driver configuration is stabilized, which prevents storage classes from flapping, improves `ConfigMap` driver configuration stability, and prevents frequent flapping of a storage class order in a hosted cluster namespace. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62807[OCPBUGS-62807])

* Before this update, Redfish transactions in {sno} nodes failed due to an empty `eTag` field in `metal3-ironic` container logs. As a consequence, users experienced failed Redfish transactions on {sno} nodes. With this release, the Redfish transaction `eTag` field issue is resolved, and results in correct `eTags`. As a result, the Redfish transaction does not fail, allowing the telecommunications company to use the `HostFirmwareSettings` parameter in {sno} nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62961[OCPBUGS-62961])

> * Before this update, excessive CPU overcommitment that was greater than 200% caused the `KubeCPUOvercommit` alert to stop triggering after 10 minutes. As a consequence, the user experience was unaffected by the CPU overcommitment due to the missing alert. With this release, the `KubeCPUOvercommit` alert triggers correctly when CPU limits are overcommitted, and ensures timely resource management and improved cluster stability. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62965[OCPBUGS-62965])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, excessive CPU overcommitment that was greater than 200% caused the `KubeCPUOvercommit` alert to stop triggering after 10 minutes. As a consequence, users were unaware of the CPU overcommitment due to the missing alert. With this release, the `KubeCPUOvercommit` alert triggers correctly when CPU limits are overcommitted, and ensures timely resource management and improved cluster stability. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62965[OCPBUGS-62965])
```
maybe? bug text doesn't make much sense imho

* Before this update, the `KubeMemoryOvercommit` alert falsely triggered on small multi-node clusters after memory-consuming spikes within the permitted limits. With this release, the alert expression is adjusted to correctly account for small multi-node clusters. As a result, the `KubeMemoryOvercommit` alert does not falsely trigger after these instances. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62966[OCPBUGS-62966])

> * Before this update, a Kubernetes `StatefulSet` status replica alert did not activate for invalid pod specifications due to a controller failure to create a pod. As a consequence, users received false assurance when the `StatefulSet` failed to create the required number of replicas. With this release, a Kubernetes `StatefulSet` replica count alert triggers for unsuccessful pod creation. As a result, the alert displays correctly when `StatefulSet` replicas do not match the configured amount. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62967[OCPBUGS-62967])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, a Kubernetes `StatefulSet` status replica alert did not activate for invalid pod specifications when a controller failed to create a pod. As a consequence, users received false assurance when the `StatefulSet` failed to create the required number of replicas. With this release, a Kubernetes `StatefulSet` replica count alert triggers for unsuccessful pod creation. As a result, the alert displays correctly when `StatefulSet` replicas do not match the configured amount. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62967[OCPBUGS-62967])
```

* Before this update, destroying an {product-title} cluster on {gcp-full} caused a panic due to a null pointer reference cancellation in the `waitFor` method. This was due to a failed {gcp-full} API call or an uninitialized client. As a consequence, users experienced a panic error during cluster destruction on {gcp-full}. With this release, the null pointer issue in the cluster uninstaller is fixed, and panic errors during a {gcp-full} destruction are prevented. As a result, the panic error during cluster destruction on {gcp-full} is resolved, ensuring smooth deletion of resources. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62981[OCPBUGS-62981])

* Before this update, an administrative user with a single namespace role created a pod and encountered a blank page while viewing metrics due to an incorrect perspective in the URL. As a consequence, the user could not view CPU usage metrics. With this release, the administrative user can view pod metrics in the developer perspective, and the user can view CPU usage metrics. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-62999[OCPBUGS-62999])

> * Before this update, the {oci-csi-full} node registrar container logged `gRPC` connection checks every 10 seconds, excessively filling Elasticsearch space. As a consequence, this rapid log filling increased user costs. With this release, the logging frequency of `gRPC` connection checks in the `csi-node-registrar` container is reduced. As a result, the Elasticsearch log capacity is increased, which lowers costs and improves performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63193[OCPBUGS-63193])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the {oci-csi-full} node registrar container logged `gRPC` connection checks every 10 seconds, excessively filling Elasticsearch space. This rapid log filling increased user costs. With this release, the logging frequency of `gRPC` connection checks in the `csi-node-registrar` container is reduced. As a result, the Elasticsearch log capacity is increased, which lowers costs and improves performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63193[OCPBUGS-63193])
```

* Before this update, user action of EgressIP failover between gateway nodes without proper IP address reassignment caused the EgressIP address not to be reassigned to the second gateway node after a reboot, resulting in a communication failure between the pod and the external system. This issue affected both the customer and partner environments. With this release, the EgressIP failover logic is improved for dual-stack environments, ensuring that the EgressIP address is properly reassigned to the available gateway node after a reboot. The communication between pods and external systems after a gateway node reboot is not interrupted. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63234[OCPBUGS-63234])

> * Before this update, the upgrade to {product-title} 4.18.24 triggered a kubelet failure on primary nodes due to `ocp-tuned-one-shot` service issues. As a consequence, the kubelet failed to start on primary nodes during upgrades. With this release, the kubelet issue is resolved by fixing the `ocp-tuned-one-shot `service. As a result, the kubelet starts on primary nodes after the upgrade. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63418[OCPBUGS-63418])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the upgrade to {product-title} 4.18.24 triggered a kubelet failure on primary nodes due to `ocp-tuned-one-shot` service issues. As a consequence, the kubelet failed to start on primary nodes during upgrades. With this release, the kubelet issue is resolved by fixing the `ocp-tuned-one-shot` service. As a result, the kubelet starts on primary nodes after the upgrade. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-63418[OCPBUGS-63418])
```
